---
title: Our History
description: Read about our guild's history!
author: kerrykins
date: 2024-04-08 11:33:00 +0800
categories: [Information]
tags: [history]
pin: true
math: true
mermaid: true


---


### Humble Beginnings

The history of our guild is a tale of growth, transformation, and resilience, rooted in the values of community, inclusion, and kindness. It all began in August 2022, when a group of casual gamers on Maladath came together to form a social guild known as **Sanctuary**. From the start, our guild was dedicated to creating a safe and welcoming space where players of all backgrounds and identities could come together to enjoy the game in a supportive and friendly environment.

As our guild grew in size and reputation, we quickly became known throughout the server for our inclusive values and positive attitude. 

### Moving to Ashkandi
However, in early 2023, we made the decision to move to Ashkandi and rebranded ourselves as **Sanctum**. This move brought challenges and adjustments, but our core identity remained steadfast—to provide a fun, kind, and safe space for everyone to enjoy the game. 

In the months that followed, our guild continued to thrive, building new friendships and exploring all that Azeroth has to offer. We run social activities on the weekends, regularly run old world content, and many of our guild members hang out in voice channels all the time! Despite the challenges of the game, our members remain committed to fostering a close-knit community based on respect, acceptance, and a shared love of all things WoW.

Recent times have seen our guild achieve remarkable successes that have strengthened our bond and enhanced our reputation across Azeroth. Notably, we've successfully conquered the Trial of the Grand Crusader (ToGC) in Phase 4, achieving a flawless 5/5 run and completing it with a perfect 50/50 run. Additionally, our tenacity was put to the test in the Icecrown Citadel (ICC), where, despite facing the notorious roster boss, we triumphed over the challenges to achieve an impressive 11/12 Heroic in our ICC 25 runs to date. These accomplishments reflect not just our skill and determination but also the spirit of camaraderie and mutual support that defines us.

### Moving to Mankrik
We have since moved again to Mankrik-US in preparation for Cataclysm due to the unfortunate closing of Ashkandi-US servers. Since then, we've rebraneded ourselves as **Enclave**. 

Even as we celebrate these achievements, we continue to develop new and strengthen existing friendships within the guild. Though we've bid farewell to some members, the essence of our guild remains vibrant, welcoming newcomers into our fold and weaving them into the fabric of our shared history.

Looking ahead, we are excited to continue growing, evolving, and conquering new challenges, all while staying true to the values that have made us the guild we are today. We are proud of our journey, our achievements, and the community we've built. We look forward to welcoming more members into our Sanctum family as we battle our way through Cataclysm Classic with our close-knit family.