---
title: Town Hall May 2024
description: Town Hall Meeting Notes May 2024
authors: [kerrykins]
date: 2024-05-12 00:00:00 -0500
categories: [Information]
tags: [guild updates]
pin: false
math: true
mermaid: true
---

> This is a summary of the topics discussed during the May 2024 Guild Town Hall. If you have questions, please reach out to Kerry.
{: .prompt-info }

## Guild Affairs

### Guild Leadership

Please see the [recent news post](https://enclavewow.github.io/posts/Officer-Team-Changes/) regarding upcoming leadership changes to take place on or shortly after May 20, 2024.

### Guild Website

Major news guild-related will be posted on the website. Information = website. Signups/chatting = discord. This is to avoid walls of text on Discord. 

### Results of Poll

- 

## Raid Affairs

### 25-player Raid (RSM)

**Raid Information**
- Formally announcing Anmorata as the next raid leader.
 - When he returns from vacation, most inquiries should be directed to him as he will be taking the lead on day-to-day ongoings.
 - Communicating to either Anmo or Kerry will get the message to leadership.
- Presented and reminded everyone that the details to the 25-player guild raid team is posted [online](https://enclavewow.github.io/posts/Enclave-Raiding-in-Cataclysm/).
- Small changes may be made up to and even as the raid begins (2 weeks after Cataclysm launches on the first week of June). Such small changes may be:
 - Changes to unmet expectations
 - Minor additions to loot policies
- Big changes will *not* be made. Examples of big changes are:
 - Changing the raid time
 - Changing the type of raid

**Raid Preparation**
- The anticipated first date for RSM in Cataclysm will be __June 5, 2024__. 
- We expect all raiders in RSM raiding for the first week to be prepared:
 - Item level for *most* of your gear (>90%) should be **346** or higher. Ilvl 346 gear drops from Cataclysm heroic dungeons.
 - Your chosen professions *should be maxed* so that you can enjoy the benefits of the profession. See [here](https://www.warcrafttavern.com/cataclysm/guides/all-profession-bonuses-perks-cataclysm/) for profession benefits. 
 - You need to be fully enchanted and gemmed. This will mean you will need to farm reputation for *at least* 2 factions. See [here](https://www.wowhead.com/cata/guide/avengers-of-hyjal-reputation-rewards) for a reputation guide. 
  - Unless you're an inscriptionist, you will likely have to farm **Therazane** reputation (all shoulder enchants come from them). 
  
> Take time to review which profession and faction you should work on first so you are not overwhelmed. If you want some help going through and making a to-do list, contact Kerry or Anmo. We're here to help.
{: .prompt-tip }

**Justice Points**
It is recommended that 