---
title: Welcome!
description: Welcome!
authors: [kerrykins]
date: 2024-04-01 00:00:00 -0500
categories: [Information]
tags: []
pin: true
math: true
mermaid: true
---

Hey yo!

On behalf of **Enclave**, a LGBTQIA+ friendly social guild 🏳️‍🌈 on Mankrik-US, its officers and guildies, I wish you a very warm welcome to our guild website! 

**Enclave** is full of like-minded gamers dedicated to creating, nurturing, and promoting our safe and welcoming space for the queer community and its allies. Kindness, compassion, respect, and love are our guiding and foundational principles. We are proud that we have one of the biggest LGBTQIA+ populations in the realm. It is truly a breath of fresh air where our identities are not only accepted, but celebrated. Mix that with the social aspect of World of Warcraft, and we have the unique, close-knit community that is **Enclave**. 

As a semi-closeted enby when I joined the guild in 2022, I felt a sense of belonging as I spent more time in the guild. In the following months, the guild and its lovely people became a space I felt myself for the first time in a long time. Some of the people I met in the guild were instrumental in my journey to understand my gender identity. Now, as the guild master, I am firmly dedicated to maintaining and growing this guild, including the opportunities to build relationships with others, the safe and proud space, and most importantly, the lovely guildies. 

I have curated a few things for you to read below to get to know our community!
1. [Guild History](https://enclavewow.github.io/posts/aboutus/)
2. [Guild Structure](https://enclavewow.github.io/posts/guildstructure/)

Please make use of our [categories](https://enclavewow.github.io/categories/) and post [tags](https://enclavewow.github.io/tags/) to find other posts!

-Kerry 


