---
title: Types of Raiding
description: Knowing our definitions of raiding
author: kerrykins
date: 2024-04-08 11:33:00 +0800
categories: [Information, Raiding]
tags: [semihardcore, semicasual]
pin: false
math: true
mermaid: true

---


### Casual

Casual raiding groups are characterised by a relaxed approach to the game. Raiders might not have strict attendance requirements, and the focus is more on enjoying the game rather than pushing for fast progress. Strategy preparation is minimal, and performance improvement is a personal choice rather than a guild requirement. Casual raiders may not consistently clear the highest levels of content but engage with the game in a way that fits their lifestyle and preferences. 

### Semi-Casual

> Minimal (if any) time outside of raid time required: 3-5 hours (raiding time only + discussions occasionally)
{: .prompt-info }

Semi-casual raiding strikes a balance between the casual and more intense raiding styles. These groups may require some level of commitment to raid schedules and performance improvement but retain a friendly, less pressured environment. Preparation and strategy might be discussed more thoroughly than in casual raids, and there's an expectation for raiders to contribute effectively to raids, though not to the extent of semi-hardcore or hardcore groups. Some level of preparation may be required, but one can expect to learn on the go. 

### Semi-Hardcore

> Considerable time outside of raid time required: 5-8 hours (raiding time, discussions with teammates, log reviews, strategy discussion, class discord research)
{: .prompt-warning }

Semi-hardcore guilds aim to clear content efficiently but without the extreme time and performance demands of hardcore raiding. Such guilds may ask members to prepare by watching strategy videos and to bring necessary consumables to raids. Attendance requirements are stricter, and performance is monitored with the intention of improvement. While raiding takes a significant place in the members' gaming time, there is an understanding that players have lives outside of WoW. This balance allows for progress through content at a good pace while accommodating the personal time constraints of its members. No speed runs are expected, but raid leaders will look to improve clear times every week. 

### Hardcore

> Intensive time commitment is required: 12-18 hours per week (raiding time, splits, discussions with teammates, log reviews, strategy discussion, class discord research)
{: .prompt-danger }

Hardcore raiding is defined by a high level of commitment to game knowledge, strategy preparation, and performance optimization. These groups often have stringent attendance and preparation requirements, including the use of the best consumables, engagement with practice runs on PTR (Public Test Realm), and a competitive selection process for raid spots. The goal is to clear the highest level of content as efficiently and quickly as possible, often with the aim of achieving server or world firsts. This type of raiding requires a significant time investment and a dedication to improving individual and group performance. 
