---
title: Raiding with Enclave
description: Learn more about our raids in the guild!
authors: [kerrykins]
date: 2024-04-19 00:00:00 -0500
categories: [Wrath]
tags: [raiding,RSM]
pin: false
math: true
mermaid: true
---

> Are you interested in joining our main progression roster? As of **April 19, 2024**, we have spots for ranged DPS! Contact Kerry (@kerrykins) on discord for more information!
{: .prompt-tip }

## Ready Set Minions (RSM)

**Ready Set Minions** (abbrev. RSM) is a *[semi-casual](https://enclavewow.github.io/posts/raidtype/#semi-casual)* 25-player progression raid team in the guild. It runs on Wednesday and Thursday at 7:30-10:00 ST (server time) weekly.

### Progression Status (RSM)

| Raid               | Progression Status         |
| :--------------------------- | :--------------- |
| Naxxramas     | 15/15   |
| Ulduar       | 14/14 (HM)  |
| Trial of the Grand Crusader      | 5/5 (heroic)   |
| Icecrown Citadel     | 11/12 (heroic), 12/12 (normal)   |
| Ruby Sanctum      | 1/1 (normal)   |

#### Raid Leaders

| Role            | Name         |
| :--------------------------- | :--------------- |
| Raid Lead    | Clinic, Kerry |
| Loot Master       | Kimberly  |

### Raider Expectations 

RSM raiders are expected to abide by our [raider expectations](https://enclavewow.github.io/posts/raider-expectations/). In addition, they are expected to:
- Perform at or above the average performance expected of their class, spec, and gear. 
- Practice good raiding habits (e.g., reduce downtime by grouping, flasking, and eating after a raid, being a team player, etc.)
- Come to raid prepared (e.g., reading spreadsheets, knowing their roles, knowing the fights)
- Attend *both* raid nights (attendance is important)
- Have properly enchanted and gemmed gear (the guild subsidises this heavily)
- Continuously look for ways to improve their performance
- Have an open mind to provide *and* receive constructive feedback to and from, respectively, their fellow raiders

### Loot System
We use the [EPGP loot system](https://enclavewow.github.io/posts/epgp/) in RSM. All information is available, fully for transparency, to rostered raiders. 

### Rotating Bench

To ensure that we can continue to use EPGP across our 25-player raids, the roster is maintained at around 28-30 raiders. This means that all raiders, except the raid lead, will be scheduled to be 'benched' once approximately every 6-9 weeks. During this week, benched raiders will accumulate full EP (except wipe bonuses).

Benched weeks do not count towards the attendance policy. However, raiders will not earn EP during the weeks that raiders are absent beyond the scheduled week off.

The rotating bench policy places fairness above raid composition when deciding who to bench.

## Bare Ass Rockets (ICC 10)

**Bare Ass Rockets** is a *[semi-casual](https://enclavewow.github.io/posts/raidtype/#semi-casual)* 10-player progression raid team in the guild. It runs on Mondays 7:30-10:30pm ST. The raid leader is **Grovin*. 

### Progression Status (BAR)

| Raid               | Progression Status         |
| :--------------------------- | :--------------- |
| Icecrown Citadel     | 11/12 (heroic), 12/12 (normal)   |
| Ruby Sanctum      | 1/1 (normal)   |

## Licking the Lich King (ICC 10)

**Licking the Lich King** is a *[semi-hardcore](https://enclavewow.github.io/posts/raidtype/#semi-hardcore)* 10-player progression raid team in the guild. It runs on Sundays 9:15pm-midnight ST.

### Progression Status (LLK)

| Raid               | Progression Status         |
| :--------------------------- | :--------------- |
| Icecrown Citadel     | 12/12 (heroic), 12/12 (normal)   |
| Ruby Sanctum      | 1/1 (heroic), 1/1 (normal)   |

## Non-rostered raids

Our guild offers two non-rostered raids. 

### ICC 25 Community Run 

Our ICC 25 community run happens every Sunday evening from 6:00pm-9:00pm ST. 
- Expectation: NM clear w/ HM gunship
- Gear requirements: 5k gs + enchanged and gemmed
- Loot: 2 SR > MS > OS; shadowmourne, saronite HR
- RL: Grovin

### ICC 10 Alt Run
Our ICC 10 alts run happens every Friday from 8:00pm-11:00pm ST. It is only open to guild members. 
- Progress: 11/12 HM, 12/12 NM
- RL: Mel
